Clarify `group_key` for ungrouped notifications (#1539)
mastodon/documentation: content/en/methods/grouped_notifications.md

: String. One of `full` (default) or `partial_avatars`. When set to `partial_avatars`, some accounts will not be rendered in full in the returned `accounts` list but will be instead returned in stripped-down form in the `partial_accounts` list. The most recent account in a notification group is always rendered in full in the `accounts` attribute.

grouped_types[]

> : Array of String. Restrict which notification types can be grouped. Use this if there are notification types for which your client does not support grouping. If omitted, the server will group notifications of all types it supports (currently, `favourite`, `follow` and `reblog`). If you do not want any notification grouping, use [GET `/api/v1/notifications`]({{< relref "methods/notifications#get" >}}) instead. Notifications that would be grouped if not for this parameter will instead be returned as individual single-notification groups with a unique `group_key` that can be assumed to be of the form `ungrouped-:notification_id`, but the streaming API and the individual notification APIs do not have a mechanism analogue to `grouped_types` and will return a different `group_key` value potentially shared by multiple notifications of the same type.

Reviewer: I would stay consistent and use the notation `ungrouped-{notification_id}` that is used in `content/en/entities/Notification.md` here as well.

Also, I am not sure how clear this is. I do not have a better proposal, but maybe something along those lines could help:

> Notifications that would be grouped if not for this parameter will instead be returned as individual single-notification groups with a unique `group_key` that can be assumed to be of the form `ungrouped-{notification_id}`. Please note that neither the streaming API nor the individual notification APIs are aware of this parameter and will always include a "proper" `group_key` that can be different from what is returned here.

Author: Sorry I didn't see this earlier. Yeah, good points.

Maybe something like this?
```suggestion
: Array of String. Restrict which notification types can be grouped. Use this if there are notification types for which your client does not support grouping. If omitted, the server will group notifications of all types it supports (currently, `favourite`, `follow` and `reblog`). If you do not want any notification grouping, use [GET `/api/v1/notifications`]({{< relref "methods/notifications#get" >}}) instead. Notifications that would be grouped if not for this parameter will instead be returned as individual single-notification groups with a unique `group_key` that can be assumed to be of the form `ungrouped-{notification_id}`. Please note that neither the streaming API nor the individual notification APIs are aware of this parameter and will always include a “proper” `group_key` that can be different from what is returned here, meaning that you may have to ignore `group_key` for such notifications that you do not want grouped and use `ungrouped-{notification_id}` instead for consistency.
```

> Notifications that would be grouped if not for this parameter will instead be returned as individual single-notification groups with a unique `group_key` that can be assumed to be of the form `ungrouped-{notification_id}`. Please note that neither the streaming API nor the individual notification APIs are aware of this parameter and will always include a “proper” `group_key` that can be different from what is returned here, meaning that you may have to ignore `group_key` for such notifications that you do not want grouped and use `ungrouped-{notification_id}` instead for consistency.

Reviewer: I still feel like this will only be totally obvious _after_ you implemented this wrongly, but maybe it is just one of those things that can only be learned the hard way.

At least I believe this is much better than the initial draft.
